Saiful: Brother, transcription has started. Our audio has now started recording.
Nayeem: Okay, okay.
Nayeem: So what can we talk about today?
Nayeem: If you have any topics, please leave a comment.
Sazzad: Brother, we can discuss tomorrow's blockade.
Sazzad: No need to.
Nayeem: What will you discuss about the blockade?
Nayeem: The blockade means those who are supposed to be discussed.
Nayeem: Not in the scene.
Nayeem: That's what we do. We actually listen a little bit since everyone is coming.
Nayeem: We are actually outside office hours.
Nayeem: What kind of learning opportunity is it?
Nayeem: I mean, what kind of learning are you engaging in?
Nayeem: We are creating opportunities to do so.
Nayeem: Let's start with Eke, let's start with Sunny. Sunny, of course, had a lot of things going on in between.
Sunny: Jivia, yes, I have grown a lot in the past few days. I am doing it outside of office hours. What I do at home is that I watch various videos from YouTube while lying down. Like what is happening. Now I am watching audio stuff. What are audio files, how do they work? You are talking about different types of amplitude, web amplitude or types of noise deduction techniques, how does it actually function? I keep looking at these things for machine learning. Also, apart from audio, is there a separate interest in working with images as well? I already do it with images and videos. So, you can see that outside of off-time, I do analysis and the cultivation of various things.
Sunny: ML is the best.
Nayeem: So, can you actually learn a lot by watching YouTube videos? I mean, can you learn something efficiently?
Nayeem: I mean, you think so.
Sunny: What strikes me is that many basic concepts or things can now be seen on YouTube. For example, good programmers release many videos and there are also many courses like EduRecar courses which are good for gaining the complete conceptual knowledge from the basics.
Nayeem: Hmm hmm.
Nayeem: So if you find any such links, do you share them? Is it okay in the group?
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: Okay.
Nayeem: Because everyone will actually benefit.
Sunny: Okay, baby.
Nayeem: What about the helpers?
Sazzad: I actually learn from my brother, Mainali, and see what new things are coming from the link team.
Sazzad: Sometimes you see who is doing what kind of work or some paper tapers.
Sazzad: Besides, when it comes to learning via video, learning happens more through chat. For example, I have some friends, I have an older brother.
Sazzad: So what we often see is that when we sit down to chat, they are each in a different place, doing different kinds of work.
Sazzad: Who is facing what kind of problem, how is it being solved? If we ourselves are facing any problem, we share it. So what else is analyzed together?
Nayeem: That's one thing though.
Sazzad: Can it be done or what kind? How can it be softened?
Sazzad: That's what happens.
Nayeem: I mean, whatever you think is new, whatever new ideas, technologies or topics are coming into the industry.
Nayeem: They really need to be studied separately, right? Because we always make them, in all cases we don't freeze them.
Nayeem: I don't make a face while working in the office or doing personal work.
Nayeem: Okay sir.
Nayeem: Then actually.
Nayeem: It's necessary to go in a somewhat structured way. What else do I think of?
Nayeem: Some structure, some hand-written work.
Nayeem: When you do, an idea comes to mind. For example, I take this sir's words.
Nayeem: Acer's competition is teaching us a very good lesson. Yes.
Nayeem: That's true.
Nayeem: Actually, I think it's top of the line for ML games.
Nayeem: How to tackle and handle a problem. So here too, you will see that those who are fast, but I would say they are fast because of experience.
Nayeem: And it's understandable that they have experience.
Nayeem: This is the way the problem is being tackled from the beginning.
Nayeem: But that's because of the expense. On the other hand, others who are regulars are competitive.
Nayeem: I mean, they participate in competitions like this.
Nayeem: They are also doing well.
Nayeem: They are coming to a good place, so both are needed. I think that's what I'm talking about.
Nayeem: How is Saiful?
Saiful: Brother, I haven't been learning much recently. It seems that he is my sister's baby. My niece used to live at home. In the last month or so, I haven't really had a chance to do much for her. But before that, I had learned something about web frameworks. Like NextJS React. Then it was about the combination of these. Then this is Marn Stock Jeta.
Saiful: There was some discussion about MRI. And then there was Spring Boot Security. I was doing some projects on this. So it seems that some research was being done on these at that time.
Saiful: And what else is there to do with these? Apart from this technology, earlier work has been done on the embedded system. It is seen that there is an ex-colleague and sometimes we sit in the hall with him. At that time, actually, what else has been done with the platforms that are available, hardware, software, mix, etc.
Nayeem: Okay, actually, in your case, I think you need to know a little bit about what the feeling is.
Saiful: This is it, brother.
Nayeem: Because you don't really have much time, right? Ejib said that it was because of his nephew's work or because of the forest.
Saiful: Jifa.
Nayeem: You have to spend as much time as possible thinking about what the phone is really about, whether it's software development or not.
Nayeem: I mean, what is particular? So what we do is, we do it every two weeks. We sit for a while.
Nayeem: Are we a little more bossy?
Nayeem: I would get to know a little about who is doing what, who is learning these things, or just chat with others. Who is reading what, what problems are they facing, or what kind of things are popular in the world today.
Nayeem: We discuss these kinds of things a little bit. So I think,
Nayeem: I think it would be a little better for you. Actually, I was planning to do it. But in reality, I am so busy.
Nayeem: It's actually a little difficult to give time to this work. But even then, we are actually next.
Nayeem: We will start next week.
Nayeem: Let's sit down with these for a while. We need to develop these practices a little bit. Team Best. Yes.
Nayeem: So Saiful is pretty good.
Nayeem: It's like hell.
Saiful: On the tongue.
Nayeem: We won't be done in ten minutes, we won't be covered today.
Saiful: Yes, brother, it will be covered. And we are human beings too. I hope it will be more.
Nayeem: Okay, let's finish then. And Saiful, you are the one.
Saiful: Yes, brother.
Nayeem: This will create audio files that you can go through a little faster yourself.
Nayeem: You mean this is what's happening in the phone audio file?
Nayeem: Do you really think there is no audio or is it in a file?
Nayeem: Is your noise in the file just like this or will you go through it a little bit? I mean, the audio files that will be generated today.
Nayeem: Okay, let's do a little level of filtering. I mean, very light filtering. Not like that.
Saiful: Okay brother.
Nayeem: It's not like you have to listen to everything, you understand?
Nayeem: A little filtering will be done to determine which folder you will share on Google Drive.
Nayeem: Okay, so that those who are working can start working directly from there.
Saiful: Okay, brother, brother.
Nayeem: Okay, okay. We'll finish it then. Yes.
Saiful: Okay brother. Allah is Hafiz.


